how-to: update server recommendations for tidb deployment (#2650)
pingcap/docs: hardware-and-software-requirements.md

## Server recommendations

> You can deploy and run TiDB on the 64-bit generic hardware server platform in the Intel x86-64 architecture. The requirements and recommendations about server hardware configuration (not including the resources occupied by the operating system itself) for development, test, and production environments are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy and run TiDB on the 64-bit generic hardware server platform in the Intel x86-64 architecture. The requirements and recommendations about server hardware configuration (ignoring the resources occupied by the operating system itself) for development, test, and production environments are as follows:
```
